# Pre-meeting telcon

* Tuesday, March 29, 2016 at 6 pm CEST
* Duration: 20 min
* Participants: Catherine, Christoph, Antonio, Jose-Luis, ...

## Connection details

If you have questions how to connect, please email [Catherine Boisson]
(http://www.iau.org/administration/membership/individual/7665/)

Connection from a single terminal (Windows, Tablet, Smartphone ...):
* http://desktop.visio.renater.fr/scopia?ID=721534***1677&autojoin

otherwise: 
* Telephone +33 4 26 68 73 07
* GDS     +33 4 26 68 73 07 721534
* SIP     sip:721534@195.98.238.109              (via e.g. ekiga or linephone with Linux)
* H.323     h323:721534@mgmt.visio.renater.fr
* Conference number     721534 (end by #)
* Password             1677 (end by #)

Conference
* Title     DL3 pre meeting telconf
* Begin     29/03/2016 18:00 (GMT +2 Europe/Paris)
* Duration     02:00

## Goals of this telcon

The goals of this telcon are:
* make sure everyone's aware of logistics and goals of the meeting
* finalise the agenda of presentations for the first day
* identify action items what should be prepared before the meeting
* give everyone the opportunity to give input and feedback on the
  format, agenda, scope and goals of the f2f meeting

The goal is **not** to start technical discussions on the data model and
formats. We'll do this at the f2f meeting.

## Agenda

* Catherine or Christoph: go over the info in the [README.md](https://github.com/open-gamma-ray-astro/2016-04_IACT_DL3_Meeting/blob/master/README.md)
  to make sure everyone's aware of the logistics, agenda, scope and goals for the f2f meeting.
* Everyone: if you can, please share slides / documents / code / example files
  openly before the meeting, so that everyone has time to review and think about it.
* Every speaker: please email [Christoph Deil](https://github.com/cdeil) with the
  approximate time for your presentation (excluding discussion) and, if needed,
  an updated talk title.
* Any additional speakers or participants that aren't listed yet?
* What are the pre-meeting action items? What needs to be prepared?
* Any questions or feedback?

## Minutes

* Changed meeting start time on Wednesday to 11 am, so that some people
  arriving by plane on Wednesday can join.
  You can come to the meeting place earlier and have informal discussions
  of course, but the presentations will start at ~ 11 am.
* Everyone -- if you might come to the meeting, email Catherine and Christoph
  to add your name to the [participant list](https://github.com/open-gamma-ray-astro/2016-04_IACT_DL3_Meeting/blob/master/README.md#participants)
  now. Catherine has to give the list of names to the observatory before the
  meeting ... if you're not on the list, you won't get in!
